[Music]
ten questions that reveal who you really
are you might think you know yourself
better than anyone else but do you know
who you really are
there may be some aspects of your
personality that you either
subconsciously don't want to accept or
don't even notice luckily this test will
open your eyes to your true self we have
all kinds of fun informative and helpful
videos like this one on the bright side
of life so be sure to subscribe and ring
that notification bell to stay on top of
all our daily updates this
self-discovery test has 10 questions
after each one you'll get 10 seconds to
mull over your choice after you pick an
answer you'll learn what your choice
means if you're ready to find out who
you are deep down then let's get started
ten what's the first thing you see in
this picture
[Music]
if you first noticed a crocodile you're
the type of person who sees the big
picture that could mean that you
sometimes take the small details in life
like a walk in the park or a cup of hot
coffee in the morning for granted but
that's because there are always bigger
things for you to concentrate on you're
likely to be practical and sensible
taking risks isn't your thing
you're a bit on the cautious side when
it comes to new experiences if you saw a
boat right off the bat this means that
you have an eye for detail people often
describe you as creative attentive and
precise at the same time you tend to get
too caught up in the small details and
miss the big picture at work or school
you may get engrossed in one part of a
project and completely forget about the
main task on the whole nine now what's
the first thing you see in this image
[Music]
if you immediately saw faces you're
pretty people oriented you're an
extrovert which means you need to change
your battery through social interaction
with others your friendly communicative
and in most cases the life and soul of
any party if a candlestick stood out to
you you're more introverted you often
get caught up in your own thoughts and
if you have to choose between staying at
home and going out more often than not
you'll choose the first option you have
a few close friends that you adore but
you mostly enjoy being alone now take a
look at this picture who would you help
first
if you chose to help the guy in crutches
you're a leader by nature you are
organized practical and focused on your
life and goals people might find you a
bit cold emotionally if you decided to
help the crying baby you're a very
empathetic person your friends know that
they can vent to you about their
problems and find peace after such
conversations sometimes you get too
affected by other people's emotions be
careful that others don't take advantage
of you if you pick the nurse to help out
first you don't worry too much about
serious problems this woman is the only
one in the picture who doesn't really
need help so choosing her means you take
things that come your way lightly you
are optimistic and always look on the
bright side of life
you're a communicative and adventurous
person with a laid-back attitude and if
your choice was to help the elderly lady
you have high moral principles
traditional values are very important to
you
you respect elders and the fact that
they don't really do you any favor in
return
shows your selflessness 7
a lot of people nowadays claim to be
perfectionist but are they really test
yourself by choosing the odd figure
among these three if you chose the gray
figure then you are a bona fide
perfectionist unlike the others the gray
one isn't a square but a rectangle the
next question
tests your stress resistance as well as
your survival skills 6 you need to
escape from a room and you have three
doors to choose from behind the first
there's a hit man with a loaded rifle if
you open the second door you'll find a
lion that hasn't eaten in two months as
for the third there's a raging fire
behind it
so which door will you choose to survive
an experienced survivalist would choose
door number two while lions are known to
survive without food for as long as a
month starving for two months would
definitely kill the animal five
which coffee are you an espresso double
espresso
cafe mocha latte cappuccino americano
iced coffee
Frappuccino or macchiato if you're an
espresso you're more traditional and
prefer to keep it simple as for you
double espressos work means a lot to you
you're determined responsible and maybe
a little impatient if you identify as a
cafe mocha you value beauty but also
practicality if you're an Americano
you're calm and keep your emotions under
control all you iced coffees out there
are confident and honest you probably
also live in a hot climate if you are
Frappuccino you are friendly and
outgoing but you're also not opposed to
just lounging around the house if you're
a latte you're very thoughtful but you
can also be a bit indecisive if you're a
cappuccino you're independent and
logical at the same time you can be a
bit of a dreamer if you are macchiato
you're sociable energetic and
spontaneous for
[Music]
imagine you're scuba diving and suddenly
see a mermaid what color is her tail the
color of the mermaid's tail shows how
sociable you are and how well you
interact with others if you imagine a
mermaid with a bright tail let's say red
yellow or orange this means that you are
the type that can talk to just about
anyone if the mermaid's tail was darker
like green blue or purple you're
probably a bit shy you may be very
communicative with your close friends
which are cautious around people you
meet for the first time 3 while you're
driving you also notice a fish what does
it look like is it friendly and calm or
aggressive and dangerous
the fish represents the way you tend to
resolve disputes if the fish you imagine
is docile and inoffensive
chances are that you can confidently
stand up for your opinion and defend the
things you believe in if the fish is a
predator like a shark or it looks
aggressive you probably tend to avoid
arguments and confrontation it may be
difficult for you to express your point
of view clearly too you keep swimming
and exploring this underwater world
you suddenly spot a beautiful shell
lying on the seabed what does it look
like the shell indicates how open you
are towards the people around you if you
imagine a simple flat seashell it
doesn't matter if it's closed or open
it's not hard for you to reveal your
thoughts and emotions to others if the
shell in your mind is intricately shaped
or has some unusual pattern you're
likely to be more reserved you aren't a
person who easily shares the details of
their life with strangers or mere
acquaintances one finally it's time to
finish your diving excursion you reach
the shore and to look around the beach
are there any people there the people on
the beach represent your friends if the
beach is crowded you're probably a
social butterfly constantly surrounded
by friends and acquaintances if you
imagine just a few people on the beach
you might not have a ton of pals but you
cherish your small but close group of
friends very deeply and if in your
imagination you found yourself on a
totally empty Beach it's probably
difficult for you to trust other people
you may be totally fine with having no
friends at all have you found out
anything new about your personality feel
free to share your results in the
comments below remember to give this
video a like and send it to your friends
so that they can get to know themselves
better too
and don't forget to subscribe after all
life is much more exciting on the bright
side